@@4010264
As Carnegie-classified research " intensive " and research " extensive " institutions plan to prepare for long-term status sustainability , targeting the intellectual capital in middle schools should be considered as a national educational partnership between the K-12 sector and higher education .
This partnership initiative is suggested at a time when many members of the professorate are retiring over the coming decade .
Two compelling demographic shifts in pre-collegiate and post-secondary education provide the genesis for this discussion precis .
First , most of the enrollment growth in American schools in the next several decades will manifest at the elementary and middle school levels .
Second , nearly half of the American professorate is projected to retire between 2000-2010 at a time when " fewer and fewer persons , especially highly talented young students are opting for academic careers , " according to Bowen and Schuster ( 1986 ) , American Professors .
This social and economic phenomenon presents a timely and vigilant opportunity for both the K-12 and higher education sectors to develop systemic synergism and strategically plan for producing tomorrow 's scholarly researchers in today 's middle schools .
Braskamp and Wergin ( 1998 ) in The Responsive University : PREFORMATTED TABLE
In Scholarship Reconsidered : Priorities of the Professoriate , Ernest Boyer ( 1990 ) earlier warned , " linkages between the campus and contemporary problems must be strengthened " ( p. 76 ) .
Boyer 's conceptualization of the challenge , implicitly focuses on two paradoxical core elements for systemic evolution , strategic planning and educational development in the pre-collegiate and post-secondary sectors .
The challenge is : who will supersede those who are now charged with fostering creativity and analysis in basic , applied , and action research at our premier " extensive " and " intensive " research institutions ?
The elements of " partnership " and " research " are at the center of discussion in this precis and collaterally serve as the driving points for " precocious precognition " among the nation 's middle schools and research universities .
@@5206728
MediaBrix 's Ari Brandt on the Need for Interactivity and Integration in Social Media Ads
We recently spoke with Ari Brandt , CEO of MediaBrix , about the findings of a joint study conducted with Harris Interactive on monetizing Facebook Apps and Moblie Apps .
The Makegood :
The survey found that traditional online ads , i.e. : standard banners and video ads , are not effective in a social media app environments .
What elements insocial advertising are necessary to be effective ?
AB :
Two words best describe what is necessary to make social advertising effective:interactivity and integration .
The digital ad industry is shifting towards in novative advertising that engages users while adding value at the same time .
The Harris Interactive survey findings support that the trend towards such advertising units in social and mobile apps aligns with consumer preferences .
According to the survey , 72% of Facebook app users and 60% of smartphone owners prefer to see immersive and integrated advertising such as those that offer people virtual rewards or currency and interactive video ads that occur during natural breaks in apps and games .
Therefore , developers and platforms offering static units or those patterned after the web are missing a huge opportunity by not offering interactive and integrated advertising units that people can engage with , view , receive virtual currency from , share with their friends or even skip , if they choose to do so .
The Makegood :
In-app social media ads need to show respect for users .
What would you say are best practices for this ?
AB :
The research findings made it clear that in-app advertising needs to acknowledge , embrace and respect user experience , all the while giving users control of how they interact with a brand .
Thus , user-initiated ads and those that are built with user experience in mind are crucial to the future of in-app social and mobile advertising .
That 's really telling .
We ca n't force people to watch video ads before their app usage experience begins , like some pre-rolls video ads do .
Instead , we must put users in control of all their in-app advertising experiences , including video ads and beyond .
The Makegood : The survey confirmed that consumer adoption of social and mobile apps is on the rise .
@@1034553
Maj. Sara Brannon arrived at her office fifteen minutes before she was due to report to Gen. Henry Powhatan Clarke .
She sorted through her mail , looking for a letter from Kevin Kerney .
There was no envelope with either a New Mexico postmark or his familiar scrawl .
Disappointed , Sara set the mail aside , took off her fatigue jacket , and glanced at her wristwatch .
It was evening in Santa Fe , New Mexico , and she wondered if Kerney was home from work .
With the demands of his job as deputy chief of the New Mexico State Police and his gloomy description of the small guest house he was renting , she doubted he spent much time at home .
Both Kerney and she were working long , hard hours in pressure-cooker jobs , and camping out in less than inviting quarters .
Late March in South Korea had brought a series of cloudy , dreary days that made spring seem a long way off .
Sara yearned for sunshine and home .
But with several months remaining on her tour of duty , it was too soon to start daydreaming .
As commander of allied G-2 ground reconnaissance and intelligence units , she was directly responsible for monitoring North Korean troop activity along and inside the DMZ .
Her squads had to catch whatever the electronic eyes in the sky missed .
Sara routinely accompanied the patrols to assess their effectiveness and efficiency .
For the last forty-six years , battle-ready armies had faced each other across a swath of rugged mountains two-and-a-half miles wide and a hundred-and-fifty miles long that cut across the Korean peninsula , keeping the zonor the full moon to set .
Under cover of darkness , Sara spread her people out and put the area under close surveillance .
For hours nothing moved , but Sara sensed that the North Koreans were up to something .
She ordered a ground sweep into the village .
As Sara and her team crawled across the clearing , automatic weapon fire opened up from three hidden positions , taking out her point man .
Sara popped flares into the night sky , called for cover fire
The green dots from the AK-47 tracers , the red dots from the M-60 machine-gun tracers , and the searing white of the flares cast carnival colors across the night sky .
Using rocket grenade launchers , the team took out two of the positions and stormed the third , capturing a wounded North Korean soldier .
As Sara pulled back with the wounded North Korean and two shot-up team members , the enemy answered with return fire from behind the village .
@@2015689
THE EARLIEST KNOWN REFERENCES TO AURORAS DATE BACK TO the Old Testament , and in the 2,500 years since then the northern lights have fascinated casual skywatchers and scientists alike .
But probably fewer than 5 percent of the Earth 's inhabitants during this period have ever seen an aurora , since auroras usually appear only at high northern and southern latitudes , far from the world 's population centers .
However , dedicated skywatchers who keep their eyes open have a much better chance than the public at large .
And the odds of sighting an aurora on any given night are about at their best right now and will remain so through the next couple of years .
Auroras make their way down to temperate latitudes during magnetic storms ( temporary disturbances in the Earth 's magnetic field ) that originate from activity on the Sun .
We are now near the peak of the Sun 's 11-year activity cycle , so frequent magnetic storms are anticipated for 2000 and 2001 .
When and Where to Look
Until recently there was no way to predict an aurora .
Photograph
Finnish photographer Pekka Parviainen is known worldwide for his photographs of atmospheric and astronomical phenomena .
This all-sky view shows the converging streamers that typify an auroral corona. //
The aurora is a more or less permanent feature of Earth 's high latitudes .
It is usually confined to two large , thin ovals encircling the Earth 's north and south magnetic poles .
Nighttime satellite pictures routinely show these so-called auroral ovals as halos of light crowning the top and bottom of the globe ( an example appears at lower right ) .
One can talk about the auroral oval in two ways .
The " statistical oval " is its average location at a given level of magnetic activity ; the " instantaneous oval " is the aurora 's actual location at a particular moment .
The statistical oval can be used to estimate the likelihood of seeing auroras from a particular site .
On any given night , the instantaneous oval often falls elsewhere .
They cause the instantaneous oval to rapidly expand poleward .
The auroral ovals are two halos of light ( the aurora borealis and the aurora australis ) about 110 kilometers above the Earth and centered on the magnetic poles .
The Earth rotates under these halos about its geographic axis .
This means that at far northern latitudes , near the oval 's ordinary " home " location , some simple rules of thumb apply .
@@3030178
SYDNEY --
Ian Thorpe 's shoulders are wide .
When Australia 's most famous swimmer spreads his arms , his wingspan stretches 75 inches .
Thorpe will need those broad shoulders , plus every inch of his 6-4 frame , all 220 pounds of his muscle -- and maybe most important of all -- every ounce of his precocious poise , to carry him through the coming week .
Swimming , Australia 's national sport , leads off the Sydney Games .
And Thorpe , a 17-year-old with an engaging smile , a quietly sophisticated manner and size 17 feet , could turn out to be the best swimmer Australia has ever produced .
He is the world recordholder in the 200- and 400-meter freestyles and will be a key member of two more relays .
Four gold medals -- more than Australia 's entire swim team won in Atlanta -- are in his hands , and the weight of his country 's Olympic expectations are on his shoulders .
The 400 freestyle
Saturday is the first men 's race of the Games , and Thorpe is a prohibitive favorite .
His world record , 3 minutes , 41.33 seconds , set in May in the Olympic pool , is nearly six seconds faster than anyone has swum this year -- a margin equivalent to a three-touchdown lead with two minutes to play .
On the same day , he 'll be part of Australia 's 4x100 freestyle relay team .
The USA has never lost the men 's 4x100 free relay in an Olympics , but in August 1999 , at the Pan Pacific Championships held in the Olympic pool , the Aussie team beat the USA .
Over the past year , he 's seemed able to set records almost at will , but Olympic races sometimes turn slow and strategic .
That wo n't matter to the sellout Aussie crowd , some of whom camped overnight to snap up the last of the tickets .
" He is in a class by his own .
He does more than people once thought it was possible for humans to do .
For him to maintain the stroke speed he does over 400 meters is beyond belief . "
To most Aussies , who love swimming as much as cricket and Australian rules football , Thorpe is too good to be true .
But their admiration is generally slightly more understated .
He 's known as " Thorpedo , " a nickname that is copyrighted , or more affectionately , " Thorpey . "
Mention him , and the reaction is generally a wide smile , a satisfied nod and a " Yeah , he 's pretty good , that one .
@@136178
3:00-4:00 PM ,
This is TALK OF THE NATION .
I 'm Lynn Neary , sitting in for Juan Williams .
In the last presidential election , if you used the phrase religion and politics , ' it was assumed you were talking about the role of the religious right in presidential politics .
This time around , with the nomination of Joseph Lieberman as the Democratic vice presidential candidate , the phrase is taking on a new meaning .
Lieberman , an Orthodox Jew , has not left religion at the door of the synagogue .
Instead , he has forthrightly advocated for the role of faith in the public life of the nation .
His remarks prompted the Anti-Defamation League to call on the candidate to stop making overt expressions of religious belief .
Earlier in the campaign , the ADL made a similar appeal to both presidential candidates , George W. Bush and Al Gore , when they talked publicly about their religious beliefs .
The intersection of religion and politics makes some people nervous .
Moreover , they argue , the country can benefit from the moral leadership that religion provides .
So the question remains : What are the limits ?
When does a candidate or any political leader step over the boundary and enter an area where they are imposing their own religious beliefs on an unwilling public ?
Religion and politics is the topic of today 's TALK OF THE NATION .
My guests today are Jean Bethke Elshtain .
She teaches social and political ethics at the University of Chicago and is author most recently of " Who We Are : Critical Reflections , Hopeful Possibilities . "
( ph ) Jean Bethke Elshtain joins us from her office at the National Humanities Center in Research Triangle Park , North Carolina .
Welcome to TALK OF THE NATION , Jean .
Professor JEAN BETHKE ELSHTAIN ( University of Chicago ) :
Thanks very much .
Happy to be here .
@!
NEARY :
Welcome , Elliot .
@!
Mr-ELLIOT-MINCBERG :
Thank you .
Good to be here .
@!
NEARY :
And James Reichley , a senior visiting fellow at Georgetown University 's Graduate Public Policy Program and author of " Religion in American Public Life . "
Thanks for joining us today .
Professor JAMES REICHLEY ( Visiting Fellow , Georgetown University ) :
Thank you .
Pleasure .
@@5219283
Arrakis .
Dune .
Wasteland of the Empire and the most valuable planet in the universe because it is here , and only here , where spice is found .
The spice .
Without it , there is no commerce in the Empire .
There is no civilisation .
Arrakis .
Dune .
Home of the spice .
Greatest treasure in the universe .
And he who controls it , controls our destiny .
Father !
Mentat engineers , please report to fusion plants .
Life support technicians , prepare for departure .
This move to Arrakis comes at a delicate moment for House Atreides .
A test of your father 's loyalty to the Emperor .
You must remember , Paul our society is a tangled web of competing forces .
Our civilisation rests upon a political tripod a most unstable of structures .
A deceptive balance of power exists between the Emperor the Congress of Royal Houses , and the supposedly impartial Spacing Guild with its invulnerable monopoly on interstellar transport .
Complicated by a feudal trading culture that turns its -- Dr . Yueh would be disappointed .
Then he 'd know how I feel .
never easy leaving one 's home , Paul .
Think of this as a new adventure , the adventure of a lifetime .
You call this an adventure :
Leaving our home for some dry speck of dust in the middle of nowhere ?
You 're a duke 's son .
You have duties , responsibilities .
How could I ever forget ?
Every day I have to eat responsibility for breakfast and duty for dinner .
Sarcasm does n't become you .
I just want to see my father .
So do I .
Attention .
Departure from Caladan airspace , 0-10:00 .
All Atreides personnel , please prepare for departure .
The Reverend Mother has arrived .
She wants to see you before we depart for Arrakis .
You have given him your face , Jessica .
But the father has given him his eyes .
And his courage .
We shall see .
Come here , boy .
Let me have a better look at you .
If you know what 's good for you , you 'll do as I say .
I 'll be
mother has taught you many things , I see .
She tells me you dream .
Your Reverence ... - ... if I could -- -
You 're dismissed , Jessica .
Since when is it permitted to treat the Lady Jessica as a common servant ?
She was a common servant .
My servant .
And a good one , too until she was 16 , and your father took her .
Now , I would like to hear about your dreams .
They 're just dreams .
About what ?
Why do n't you tell me ?
Do you know what this is ?
It is a test , young Atreides .
A test for what ?
Put your hand inside and we 'll see .
What 's in it ?
Pain .
I hold the Gom Jabbar at your throat , young Atreides .
Keep your hand in the box and live .
Remove it and die .
I must not fear .
Fear is the mind killer .
@@5099928
NYSL TRAVELS
Are You Going to Berlin ?
Berlin has a very special aura .
On my first visit I was convinced that it had a special smell as well .
My Berlin friends told me that it was the blooming lindens , those same trees that once lined ( and do again , just recently ) its most famous street .
On subsequent visits I have noticed the smell of lindens less , the pungent atmosphere of the city itself more .
Visually Berlin is idiosyncratic .
Not lovely and seductive like Paris , grandly ancient like Rome , or proud in the monumental way of London , Berlin sits stolidly ( but not quietly ) on the great northern European plain that stretches from the Urals to the Netherlands .
Flat , quite green , laced with rivers and canals , and dotted with lakes around its edges , it is not " pretty " .
Even before it was so badly bombed it was not that .
Stylish and sharp-edged , like Mack 's knife , its impact is intensely subjective .
New Yorkers should not be surprised to find that they feel at home in Berlin .
There is something in the pace , the clatter , the quick retort of the place that is related to the volatile , multi-faceted , sometimes difficult but never boring city that they live in and , presumably , love .
Where else but on Bleecker Street or Times Square might you find a scrawny man with a stubbly chin , cigarette on lower lip , stuffed into a too small and no longer purely pink rabbit suit -- complete with floppy ears -- busily handing out leaflets for Easter bargain sales ?
On the Kurfrstendamm , the " Fifth Avenue " of what was until recently the romantically edgy city of West Berlin .
The Land , or state , of Brandenburg is not one of the largest in Germany but , as in the heartland of the former Kingdom of Prussia , it has a long and complex history .
Berlin , nearly dead center in Brandenburg , is a Land unto itself in both senses of the word , a state and a state of mind .
Its history , if measured by when it first became the capital of a united Germany in 1871 , has been short but incredibly dramatic .
It has been led by posturing Emperors and gesticulating demagogues , filled with millions of marching men , home to revolutionaries and visionaries , a city of the avant-guard and of bourgeois rectitude , bombed to bits and saved by airplanes a few years later , and , finally , divided and reunited with maximum theatricality .
